---
layout: post
title: Archaic Greek Poetry
date: 2017-14-17 11:00:00 - 0500
categories: sample assignment
---
I designed various exercises for a class of Greek students with various levels of skills in translating Greek. Most are second and third year students. Some are more advanced. I designed these exercises to create opportunities for the students at different skill levels to work together on projects that 'blur' theri different skills at times, and that, alternatively, rely on their levels of skills.
Goals: 1) to learn how to work with allignments; 2)to become deliberate about English word choice; ie.to spend time and energy finding translations that reflect an capture the'world of Homer'; 3) to learn about formulae; and 4)to evaluate 3 well-reviewed translations (Lattimore, Fagels, and Alexander). 
Exercises will take place one a week when the two groups of students are combined. They will begin at mid-semester. 
Exercise 1) Each student will create a text allignment of a small section of text from Iliad Book 1 AND with ONE of the three translations. They will present orally to the other classmates what they discovered about translaing Homer more generally from this exercise, and what, comparing their translation and a published translation via text allignment, they discoverd about translating,the translation they used, etc.
Exercise 2) Each 2nd year student will complete a small text allignment and the 3rd year students will grade it.
Exercise 3) Each student (or each team of students) will choose or be given a formula and create at least ten text allignments of 2 or so lines where the formulae is used in the "Iliad". They will examine these passages in order to come up with one translation for the formula OR to find instances where a chosen translation does not work. They will comment on whether the formula can vary and if so how and/or if it can move in the line. They will present their work to the class.
Exercise 4) More exercises with formulae will be developed that develop students understanding of how formulae in hexameter, move an mean in context.
